[#67967] Add a use case for using OP for OKR framework  https://commu… (#21054)
opf/openproject: docs/use-cases/README.md

| Use Case                                                     | Description                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | [Meeting management](meeting-management)                     | With OpenProject's meeting management features, you can structure your meetings, define agendas, assign action items, and keep everything transparent and traceable in one place. Ensure your team stays aligned and decisions are well-documented throughout the project life cycle.<br />Learn how plan, conduct, and follow up on meetings with OpenProject. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Meeting management](meeting-management)                     | With OpenProject's meeting management features, you can structure your meetings, define agendas, assign action items, and keep everything transparent and traceable in one place. Ensure your team stays aligned and decisions are well-documented throughout the project life cycle.<br />Learn how to plan, conduct, and follow up on meetings with OpenProject. |
```

| OKR                                                          |                                                              |
| [Portfolio management](portfolio-management)                 | This guide provides detailed step-by-step instruction on how to set up an overview of your project portfolio and create custom reports using the Project Overview, Wiki and the Rich text (WYSIWYG) editor in OpenProject. |
| [PM² and PMflex project management with OpenProject](project-management-pm2-pmflex) | Learn how to use OpenProject to manage projects with the **PM² methodology**, developed by the European Commission, and its German extension **PMflex**, maintained by the Federal Office of Administration (BVA).<br /> Get started with customizable workflows, templates, and collaboration tools to apply these frameworks effectively across all project phases. |

> | [Resource management](resource-management)                   | OpenProject does not have the automated functionality to provide detailed resource management or employee work capacity calculations. This guide with detailed step-by-step instructions introduces a workaround that can provide an avenue to accomplish this manually and visually beyond the functionality the Team Planner Module provides. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Resource management](resource-management)                   | OpenProject does not have the automated functionality to provide detailed resource management or employee work capacity calculations. This guide with detailed step-by-step instructions introduces a workaround that can provide an avenue to accomplish this manually and visually beyond the features of the Team Planner module. |
```
